Msal Node adds support `proxy` (#4447)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-node/docs/faq.md

### How do I implement self-service sign-up with MSAL Node?
MSAL Node supports self-service sign-up in the auth code flow. Please see our docs [here](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/modules/_azure_msal_node.html#authorizationurlrequest) for supported prompt values in the request and their expected outcomes, and [here](http://aka.ms/s3u) for an overview of self-service sign-up and configuration changes that need to be made to your Azure tenant. Please note that that self-service sign-up is not available in B2C and test environments.

### Why doesn't my app function correctly when it's running behind a proxy?

> MSAL Node uses Axios as the default network manager. However, Axios does not support proxies. MSAL Node now utilizes [this workaround](https://github.com/axios/axios/issues/2072#issuecomment-567473812). Developers can provide a `proxyUrl` string in the system config options as detailed [here](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-node/docs/configuration.md#system-config-options). Developers can also implement their own NetworkManager by instantiating an INetworkModule and building proxy support in it.

Author: ```suggestion
MSAL Node uses Axios as the default network manager. However, Axios does not support proxies. To mitigate this, MSAL Node now added support to proxies by utilizing [this workaround](https://github.com/axios/axios/issues/2072#issuecomment-567473812). 
Developers can provide a `proxyUrl` string in the system config options as detailed [here](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-node/docs/configuration.md#system-config-options). 

Developers can also add proxy support by implementing their own custom https client based on the [INetworkModule](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/blob/dev/lib/msal-common/src/network/INetworkModule.ts) interface and building proxy support in it.
```
